What is the relationship between "The Shawshank Redemption" and "Farewell My Concubine"
What is the relationship between Kirk Wise and Gary Trousdale
What is the relationship between "The Shawshank Redemption" and Frank Darabont
What movie is acted by Darin Mangan and edited by Pasquale Buba and directed by Michael Mann
“霸王别姬”和“纵横四海”的关系是什么？
周润发和张国荣的关系是什么？
“我和我的祖国”和陈凯歌的关系是什么？
什么电影由宫崎骏导演和编剧？
什么电影由陈凯歌出演和导演？
什么电影由迈克尔·道赫蒂导演和编剧？
什么电影由瑞安·弗雷克编剧和导演？
宫崎骏和尼尔·盖曼共同编剧了什么电影？
加里·奥德曼和丹尼·爱罗共同出演了什么电影？
吉姆·瑞吉尔和彼得·杰克逊共同导演了什么电影？
伍乐城和陈光荣共同作曲了什么电影？
多迪·道恩和康拉德·巴夫四世共同剪辑了什么电影？
什么电影由史蒂文·斯皮尔伯格导演并且由爱德华·伯恩斯出演？
什么电影由芦苇编剧并且由张丰毅出演？
什么电影由詹姆斯·卡梅隆导演并且由多迪·道恩剪辑？
什么电影由陈凯歌导演并且由李碧华编剧？
什么电影由梅林茂作曲并且由王家卫导演？
什么电影由詹姆斯·卡梅隆导演或编剧？
什么电影由爱德华·伯恩斯导演或出演？
什么电影由布拉德·伯德导演或剪辑？
谁出演了“阿甘正传”和“玩具总动员”？
谁导演了“猫鼠游戏”和“侏罗纪公园”？
谁编剧了“活着”和“霸王别姬”？
谁剪辑了“杀死比尔”和“落水狗”？
谁作曲了“千与千寻”和“幽灵公主”?
哪个公司出品了"肖申克的救赎"？
哪个公司发行了"无敌破坏王"？
What movie are acted by James Rebhorn and Chris ODonnell   
What movie are directed by Kirk Wise and Gary Trousdale   
What movie are composed by Lisa Gerrard and Pieter Bourke   
What movie are written by Dino Risi and Giovanni Arpino   
What movie are edited by Paul Martin Smith and Ben Burtt   
What movie is directed by Lana Wachowski and acted by Keanu Reeves
What movie is written by Aaron Sorkin and acted by Jack Nicholson
What movie is composed by Joe Hisaishi and directed by Hayao Miyazaki
What movie is composed by Francis Haines and acted by Alastair Duncan
What movie is composed by James Horner and directed by James Cameron
What movie is directed by Martin Brest and written by Dino Risi
What movie is directed and acted by Stephen Chow
What movie is written and directed by James L. Brooks
What movie is edited and directed by Joss Whedon
What movie is written and edited by Joe Cornish
What movie is  written or directed by James L. Brooks
What movie is  edited or directed by Barbet Schroeder
What movie is  directed or acted by Frank Darabont
What movie is  written or directed by Dino Risi
What movie is  written or acted by Giovanni Arpino
What movie is  written or edited by Paul Martin Smith
What movie's photographer is Roger Deakins
What movie’s production designer is Terence Marsh
What movie's production designer are James V. Hart and Bruce Cohen？
What company do the special Effect of "The Matrix"?
Who act "Titanic" and "Catch Me If You Can"?
Who is the directer of "Gone Girl" and "Fight Club"?
Who write "Up" and "Toy Story"?
Who compose "The Green Mile" and "The Help"?
What movie is acted by Leonardo DiCaprio and directed by James Cameron or Steven Spielberg?
What movie is directed by James Cameron and acted by Leonardo DiCaprio or Tom Hanks?